
               GeoPIXE FTP UPdate Notes

   A new program with GUI "geopixe_update.sav" can now manage update
   of GeoPIXE code and support files from the CSIRO FTP server into a
   designated local geopixe directory. By default, it transfers files that
   are more recent on the server than on the local system.

   It has fields for the FTP server access and the local
   GeoPIXE directory to update into. It allows certain files to be
   ignored, such as "Maia.conf" and "geopixe.conf", which will most
   likely be modified to suit the local system, PVs and paths. 

   Files defined as "ignored" will still get transferred if they are newer
   on the server, but into a new file name with a ".new" suffix. This
   enables you to check for new features in the conf files, for example.

1. Double click "geopixe_update.sav" to start the update.

2. Check that the FTP server details are correct (top panel). Use the username
   and password provided to you originally.

   In future you may need to change the update path to a new version of
   GeoPIXE. Click on "?" to see all current versions on the FTP site.

3. Select the local dir for the target GeoPIXE system to update. Select
   the main geopixe directory. 

   Initially, you should probably start with a new directory area, and then move
   your specific files across from your current set-up (e.g. local
   .filter and .detector files, etc.).

4. Optionally, select files (and groups of files using single character "?" and
   multiple character "*" wildcards) to ignore. This means that if files matching
   these specifications are found on the server and are more recent than in the
   local system, then they are still transferred, but with a suffix ".new"
   appended to their file names. The protected (ignored) files are not modified.

   Note that when you "Save" this ignore file list, it is copied into a file 
   "ftp-update.ignore" in your home .geopixe directory for use next time.

5. Note that from GeoPIXE 6.3z onwards, your config file "geopixe.conf" will be
   expected to be read from your home .geopixe directory. If none exists, a
   copy of "geopixe.conf" will be copied from the geopixe directory.

6. Code is updated from FTP server path /update. There is also a /Demo path, which
   contains Demo data to be used with the Worked Examples tutorials.
   
8. Click on "Start Update" to begin. Connection to the server, directory
   scanning and file updates are logged to the bottom panel.

   "Exit" only exits the program. Use "Cancel" to interrupt the transfer
   process (after a delay).

9. On exit (and after a completed transfer) all settings are saved to the file
   "geopixe-update.conf" in your home .geopixe directory. These are loaded next
   time geopixe_update is run.

   In future when you run "geopixe_update", your settings will be restored
   and you'll only need to click "Start" to retrieve new files.

10. NOTE: A departure from past convention, the Linux scripts for running
   various GeoPIXE programs now reside in the "bin" directory. Make sure you
   add the geopixe/bin path to your PATH on Linux systems.
