The Particle Depth Wizard makes use of the variation in the self absorption 
of characteristic X-rays in the sample as a function of take-off angle, and 
the wide range of angles captured by the detectors across the Maia array. 

By contrasting a group of "Outer" detectors (at large angles from the sample 
normal) with a group of "Inner" detectors (at small angles to the normal), 
which suffer less absorption, we can construct a "Depth Curve" that relates 
this ratio to depth.

On this first page, we construct this "Depth Curve", a function of "Outer"/
"Inner" detectors versus depth (or select an existing "Depth Curve" file). 
The curve will be needed on page 4 to find particle depths.

The key is the yield calculation. Click on "New" adjacent to "Yields" to 
bring up the X-ray Yield Calculation dialogue. You can use the "Set-up: Load"
button to load a previous Yield calculation set-up as a starting point.

Set-up 2 layers as follows (see the figure):

1. The over-layer - the phase hosting the particles of interest. 
Use "Define Layer: 1" to set this layer. Use the droplist next to "Thick:" 
to select the "+1D" option, which allows a range of thicknesses to be selected.
Set the thickness next to "+1D" to some minimum, such as 1 micron, and set
the density of the phase. On the next row, set the Thickness minimum, maximum
and step size. This is your depth range and step size. 

2. The particle - this layer represents the particle of interest.

Click "calculate Yields" to perform the calculation, which will take a few 
seconds per step. About 10 steps or so is sufficient for moderate thickness 
samples. Typical step-size is around 20 microns, and depths can range up to 
a few 100's microns.

Getting the composition of the "over layer" phase correct has a strong bearing
on the accuracy of the depth estimation, as the self-absorption in this phase 
provides our measure of depth. 

Set-up "Inner" and "Outer" detector selections:

Use the "Set" button to bring up the "Array Detector Channel Selection"
window to select the "inner" and "outer" detectors, as shown in Figure 1. 
Save these to "inner" and "outer" .select.csv selection files.
Click on the "Outer" or "Inner" buttons if these files have already been 
defined.

Calculate a Depth Curve:

Click "Calculate Depth Curve" to start the modelling of a depth curve, and
select an output file-name. If the curve has been previously calculated, load
it using the "Curve" button; it will be needed in later processing steps/tabs.
