This page is used to sort out separate maps as seen from the perspectives of 
the "Outer" and "Inner" detector elements, and then display them in RGB to 
provide a depth colour contrast. It uses the cal spectra from page 2.

The "Inner" detectors experience less self absorption and "see" particles 
more easily with depth and to greater depth.

The X-rays heading towards the "Outer" detectors at greater angles to the 
normal are more easily absorbed in the sample and become attenuated for 
deep particles.

Hence, if we use the "Inner" detectors to drive "Red" in a composite RGB 
image, and the "Outer" detectors to drive "Green", we will observe deep 
particles as "Red" and shallow ones as "Yellow".

Making "Outer" and "Inner" perspective image files:

First we need to form the separate images for the "Outer" and "Inner" 
detectors, making use of the Cal Spec files for each from the previous page.
If you have these image files already, enter the file-names into the 
bottom panel, and skip to displaying the results as RGB images.

Firstly, make sure that "Sort EVT" is open, and use "From DAI" to load into 
it the normal image DAI file (uses all detectors) for the area of interest. 
Make sure all "File" and "DA" paths are valid.

This could be the whole image area, or you can also (i) collect small 
scans over the smaller regions of interest with particles and use these 
DAI files, or (ii) re-sort a large image area, but selecting a smaller 
'Window' on the "Scan" tab of "Sort EVT". This makes the images much 
smaller, and easier to use in this depth work.

Click on "Sort Outer, Inner Images" to process the data specified in the 
"Sort EVT" window. When finished, the sort will save images and fill in 
the output filenames of the outer and inner images to use for generating 
RGB images below.

NOTE: You will need to fill in the Cal Spectra files on page 2 first.

Displaying depth in RGB images:

Firstly, make sure that the "RGB Image" window is open.
Click on "Display RGB Depth Images" to take the outer and inner images and
display them in RGB. Shallow particles appear YELLOW, deep ones RED.

Adjust the display maximum for the element of interest (as % of max) to 
see the particles clearly. Set this level EQUALLY for the RED and GREEN
maps to preserve the depth contrast. After adjusting the RGB display, 
remember to save any images that you like.