This page is used to determine the depth of selected particles seen in 
images. The results will appear on the next page.

Load the original image DAI image file for an area containing a particle 
into the "Image" window. 

NOTE: Use the DAI image file for ALL detectors.

Extracting Data from Particle Hot-spots in Images:

Select the pixels in the middle of each particle, and click the "sigma"
button to form a Region definition for these pixels. Regions are added
to the regions table. Open the Regions Window to see these. Remember
to "Save" the region(s) to a regions file.

It may help to zoom into the image ("+" button on Image window) and 
disable image interpolation (checkbox below element droplist).

Refer to the RGB Image display to check whether there are very close
particles of different depths. If so, treat these separately by 
selecting their pixels as distinct Regions.

With "Outer" and "Inner" detector channel ".select.csv" files provided,
select one Region in the table (click on row title), and then
click on "Extract Spectra" to extract "Outer" and "Inner" Sum spectra 
for this region (accept spec file-name, which should match your region
file-name). These appear in the "Spectrum Display" window, and
are saved to files (shown in bottom panel) for later reference.

NOTE: Remember to open the Image Regions window.

Fitting Sum Spectra for "Outer" and "Inner" detectors:

Open the "X-ray Spectrum Fit" window and load a suitable fit set-up
for this sample. Try fitting the first spectrum corresponding to the 
"Outer" detectors. Make refinements to the fitting as usual.

Enter the element of interest, and click on "Fit Sum Spectra" to fit both 
spectra and extract the signal for the selected element and form the 
ratio of "Outer"/"Inner" detectors. This ratio is then compared to the 
"Depth Curve" (using the file specified on page 1) and an estimate of 
particle depth (and uncertainty estimate) is added to the results table.

Note: You need to have the "Depth Curve" completed on the page 1
in order to determine depths here.
